this admirerbrowns second test or practising of the usage of git and github.at the moment i would be working in my local directory and later push everthing onto my remote directory.i would be modifying this test practising everyday to get the basic work flow under my finger tips.
signed admirerbrown
practising day three. i am revisiting this lesson to see if everything i have learnt is finally to my fingertips and also to see if i can steadily solidify everything that i have learnt so far under practising 1o1.
i have run into an unexpected error while trying to commit the modified file this day. i seek to resolve it and make progress and never repeat the same mistake.
i have finally been able to resolve my issue of unable to commit my staged file by figuring out how to unstage the modified file and reseting Head to remove the tracked file.the plus for me is that i was able to get the new and modified file that had already been staged.the overall plus for me today is that i made a progress by getting myself out of trouble after i got into trouble. i hope to solve my issues locally and not resolve to online forums for help when i get into trouble practicing my basic git and github workflow.
signed admirerbrown.
today marks another day in the practising of the basic workflow of git and github.this activity is the third modification of the sammy.txt.
i seek today to modify a file without any reference to the online odin project websheet.any trouble i find myself into will be considered a challenge to solve.i hope and pray everything goes to plan.
hurray... finally i have been able to modify a file without looking at the help page of the odin project.hmm...i only encoutered just one error..which
i was able to solve.the forgot the command for pushing the file so my branch is update with my master.
i seek to create a curriculum for myself paced learning so i dont waste too much time reading without any
practising..well let me end here so i dont overwrite. i will learn more about my text editor and command line terminal so i dont 
become slow in executing my commands.on that note it is a see u next time.
signed admirerbrown...
still having problems.